# Abstract

* Feeds: 4
* Human work time: 15m
* Total time: 45m
* Suggested variance: Feel free to mix in fruits, chocolate chips, whatever sounds right.
If you are into cream, make some, and maybe slather the cake with it.
If you are that far already, consider prettying things up with some glazed nuts or so.
* Suggested variance: Once the dough is done, take 50% out and mix the rest with chocolate or so.
Fill the form with all dough and use a fork to mix the different colours.
This also works with thirds, etc.

# Ingredients

* 100g wheat flour
* 50g buckwheat flour; substitute with whole grain flour if you can't get buckwheat
* 3 eggs
* 175g butter; if you work by hand, warm it a bit
* 75g hazelnuts
* 75g almonds
* 125g sugar
* 10g of vanilla sugar; good ones should have ~4-6% vanilla content in weight
  * Alternatively, get fresh vanilla and scrape it out
  * Please don't use artificial vanilla
* 1 tbsp of powdered cinnamon
* 1 packet of [cream of] tartar; baking powder also works, but I despise its taste

# Preparation

## Mixing the dough

A kitchen machine will make your life easier.
Get a kitchen machine.

1. Chop all nuts.
Ideally, some nuts will be fine-ground and others almost intact.
Flavour distribution _and_ texture at once; nice.
2. Stir all the things until evenly distributed

## Baking

1. Unless you enjoy scraping cake out of a form you could have sworn is buttered and floured correctly, use a 
2. Put into the oven at 180C for 30m.
If you have a combi heater, put it at max humidity.
If not, put some water into a bowl and put it in with the cake.
