# Abstract

This dough also works nicely for bread.
If you ever visited one of those tiny Italian beach cafes in which no tourists can be found and ate their sandwiches: That's how bread made from this dough tastes.

* Feeds: 4
* Time for prep: 20m in the beginning, 20m at the end
* Total time: 120m, max
* Suggested variance: None; stick to this 100%

# Ingredients
* 600g wheat flour - the really, really fine-grained and highly processed Italian kind works best.
* 100g olive oil (yes, gram)
* 20g salt
* 275ml lukewarm water
* yeast
  * 42g live yeast OR
  * 6g dried yeast

# Preparation

## Mixing the dough

A kitchen machine will make your life easier.
Get a kitchen machine.

The dough should behave as one single mass and be slightly sticky.
* If it sticks to stuff, sprinkle it with more flour and work that into the mass.
* If it does not stick at all add some water or oil.

### By hand

1. Mix flour and salt, make a small heap with a mound in the middle. Think volcano
2. Mix yeast with lukewarm water
3. Stir with wooden spon
4. Knead onto clean work surface sprinkled with flour for 10m
  * Keep your elbows straight and work from the shoulders
  * Reconsider your life choices after you are done and in pain, consider getting a kitchen machine.

### By machine

1. Toss everything into the bowl and mix for 5m
2. Done

## Let the dough rest

### Normal way

1. Make a ball of dough
2. Cover it
3. Let it sit at room temp for 60m

### Combi heater

1. Put randomly formed dough into the heater and let it sit at 40C and 100% relative humidity
2. Done
